1.Whitehaven Beach – Australia
Whitehaven Beach is known for its white sands. The Beach is a 7 km stretch along Whitsunday Island. The island is accessible by boat from the mainland tourist ports of Airlie Beach and Shute Harbour, as well as Hamilton Island.The Beach was named the top Eco Friendly Beach in the world

2.The Fairy Pools on the Isle of Skye – Scotland
The Fairy Pools is located in Cuillins Hills, Isle of Skye, Scotland. The Fairy Pools are a series of clear, cold pools and waterfalls formed as Allt Coir’ a’ Mhadaidh tumbles down from the foothills of the Black Cuillins into Glen Brittle.

3.Marble Caverns of Carrera Lake – Chile
Azure temple, Lake General Carrera in Patagonia, Chile, A natural wonder that could be the world’s most beautiful cave network. An Azure Temple created by nature, the walls of this network of water-filled marble caverns show just how magnificent the precious geography of our planet can be.

4.Havasu Falls – Grand Canyon National Park
Havasu Falls is paradise on Earth. This is an absolutely amazingly beautiful waterfall located in a remote canyon of Arizona. The spectacular waterfalls and isolated community within the Havasupai Indian Reservation attract thousands of visitors each year. The Havasupai are intimately connected to the water and the land. This blue- green water is sacred to the Havasupai.

5.Fjaðrárgljúfur Canyon – Iceland
Fjaðrárgljúfur is a canyon in south east Iceland which is up to 100 m deep and about 2 kilometres long, with the Fjaðrá river flowing through it. It is located near the Ring Road, not far from the village of Kirkjubæjarklaustur.The canyon was created by progressive erosion by flowing water from glaciers through the rocks and palagonite over millennia.

6.Arang Kel, Neelum Valley – Kashmir, Pakistan
A Breathtaking, Lush Green Village In Neelum Valley, Kashmir. Situated at the hill top near Kel, about 1500 feet ascend from River Neelam. It is also a village full of beautiful sceneries. It is a piece of utmost beauty, one can find in Kashmir. Visit Neelum Valley for Arang Kel, a worth visiting place.

7.The Dark Hedges – Northern Ireland
This beautiful avenue of beech trees was planted by the Stuart family in the eighteenth century. The Dark Hedges is one of the most photographed natural phenomena in Northern Ireland and a popular attraction for tourists from across the world. It was intended as a compelling landscape feature to impress visitors.

8.Coast near Marsa Matruh – Egypt
Mersa Matruh is a major Egyptian tourist resort and serves as a getaway resort for Europeans as well as Cairenes eager to flee the capital in the sweltering summer months. It is served by Mersa Matruh Airport. The city is known for its white soft sands and calm transparent waters.

9.Kalalau Valley, Hawaii
This beautiful valley is located on the island of Kaua’i. It’s also home to one of the most beautiful beaches that you ever come across, the Kalalau beach. If you’re planning to visit this enchanting valley, you must give up your vehicles and other means of transport since it is inaccessible to any sort of automobiles. You can get there by trekking which is the best way to explore the whole of the valley. It is also renowned for its lush green surroundings.

10.Lotschental, Switzerland
This astonishing Valley is not just among the most beautiful valleys but also the largest valley in Switzerland. It’s open for visitors to explore as much as they want. It extends for about 27 kilometers and is surrounded by picturesque mountains as tall as 3000 meters. This is the one of the most glaciated regions in the whole of the valley and provides a sight to visitors like no other place. It’s simply unique.

11. Valley of Ten Peaks, Canada
One of the most beautiful valleys of the world is the Ten Peaks, which is situated inside a national park in Canada. It is surrounded by Ten different spectacular peaks and also includes Moraine Lake inside the national park itself. Earlier these peaks were named as the number ranging from one to ten and but recently all but three peaks have been named after notable individuals from all over the world. You can reach the valley by following the road leading from Moraine Lake.

12. Wisteria Tunnel, Japan
This stunning flower walkway is the known as the Wisteria Tunnel, situated in the Kawachi Fuji Garden. It really looks so peaceful to take a stroll through. The Wisteria Tunnel, which is part of a breathtaking display of botanical delights that include zen gardens and a cherry blossom festival, is located at the Kawachi Fuji Gardens in Kitakyushu. Different types and colors of wisteria have been woven through a cylindrical lattice that during the blooming months of April through May, become a fantastical flower-draped tunnel during the yearly “fuji matsuri”, or “Wisteria Festival”.

13. Mount Roraima, Venezuela
It might look like it’s straight out of a sci-fi movie, but this natural wonder is completely real, and fully awe inspiring. The Mount Roraima is the highest of the Pakaraima chain of tepui plateau in South America. The mountain includes the triple border point of Venezuela, Brazil and Guyana. Mount Roraima lies on the Guiana Shield in the southeastern corner of Venezuela’s 30000 km2 Canaima National Park forming the highest peak of Guyana’s Highland Range. The tabletop mountains of the park are considered some of the oldest geological formations on Earth.

14. Mount Grinnell – Glacier National Park, Montana
Mount Grinnell is a peak located in the heart of Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana near Mount Gould and Mount Wilbur. It is named after George Bird Grinnell. From the Many Glacier Hotel on Swiftcurrent Lake the “false peak” of Grinnell Point can be seen.

15.Crystal Cave – Skaftafell, Iceland
The Crystal Cave of Svmnafellsjvkull (CORR) in Skaftafell national park, highlights nature’s beauty. Created by the awesome forces of the Vatnajvkull ice cap in the south of the volcanic island, the deep blue cave was formed by the glacier meeting the coastline. The centuries old ice that has come from the slopes of 6,921 feet tall Vrffajvkull, Iceland’s tallest active volcano, has compressed all air out of the ice adding to the texture and colour of the cave.

16.Galapagos – The Spectacular Islands
Obviously, this island does not need any introduction. The contribution of Galapagos in framing up of Darwin’s –“The Theory Of Natural Selection” is known by all. If the travel bloggers’ and videographers’ records’ are to be believed then people who set foot here cry while leaving the island. It is very easy to fall in love with the unique animals found nowhere else in the world. Watching a hundred thousand varieties of living beings existing peacefully without human disturbances in the ‘moonland’ type volcanic geography is once in a lifetime experience.

17.Seychelles
It is perfectly understandable if you visit Seychelles and refuse to return ever! Captivating pristine white sand beaches and trickling azure water will stupefy you for days. The feel of the soft sands here is something unique which is found in no other part of the world. Ecotourism is in vogue and there is endless option for those who want to splurge. Environmental restrictions are very strictly followed in this tiny island country and its rich biodiversity is responsibly preserved.

18.Kauai, Hawaii
Kauai, Hawaii owns the medal of the rainiest place on earth, allowing for a tropical paradise. Hike, swim, bike, and dive.

19.Victoria Falls, Zambia/Zimbabwe
Victoria Falls that border Zambia and Zimbabwe is the largest waterfall in the world by total area. The falls transport an astonishing 1,088 cubic meters per second of water down an ~350 foot cliff.

20.Northern Lights, Iceland 
The natural display of varying color within the arctic sky is one of Iceland's biggest tourist sights. Unfortunately, it's rather unpredictable so make sure you leave enough time to try a few times.

21.Machu Picchu, Peru
Hike up the mountain ridge where Machu Picchu sits and you will see the peak of Inca civilization. This beautiful place was built in 1450 and was only occupied for ~100 years until the Spanish Conquest.

22.Mendenhall Ice Caves, Juneau, Alaska
Mendenhall Glacier (also Sitaantaagu) is a glacier about 13.6 miles long located in Mendenhall Valley, about 12 miles (19 km) from downtown Juneau in the southeast area of the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier and surrounding landscape is protected as part of the 5,815-acre Mendenhall Glacier Recreation Area, a federally designated unit of the Tongass National Forest.

23.Pamukkale, Turkey
Hot springs spilling over rock terraces. A UNESCO world heritage site.

24.Bagan,Myanmar
The vast Buddhist temple-scape of Bagan, a legacy of devotion and monuments to power built by the Pagan Kings over several centuries, is not only a place of surreal wonder, but is without a doubt one of the greatest archaeological sites on earth. The 2,220 surviving temples (13,000 at its apex) can for the most part be explored quite freely. Modes of transport around the 40 square mile temple zone, include bus, car, bicycle, foot and hot air balloon. 

25.Rakotz Bridge,Kromlau,Germany
No matter how you look at it, the reflection of the Rakotz Bridge in Kromlau always forms a perfect circle. The bridge dates back to 1860 and intrigued by its uncanny reflection, superstitious locals nicknamed it the Devil’s Bridge.
 
26. Leipzig,Germany
The largest city in Germany’s federal state of Saxony, Leipzig is known for its vibrant arts and culture scene shaped by famous music composers like Bach, Richard Wagner and Felix Mendelssohn. Tourists today can enjoy performances of Bach’s music at the St. Thomas Church where Bach once served as choir leader and is now buried. In addition to historic sites like the Old Town Hall, the city boasts several impressive structures such as the Napoleonic Monument to the Battle of the Nations and Reichsgericht, the former high court of the Reich. One of Europe’s largest town squares, the Augustusplatz, is situated at the central campus Germany’s second-oldest university.

27.Naples,Italy
One of the busiest metropolitan cities in the country, Naples is the capital of the Campania region in Southern Italy. The city of Naples offers a treasure trove of art works and historic sites as well as a vibrant atmosphere of shops, restaurants and nightlife venues. Many favorite Italian foods originated from here such as pizza, spaghetti and parmigiana. These dishes are taken seriously in Naples and usually feature fresh, locally grown ingredients. As it is nearby famous sites like the Bay of Naples and Pompeii, Naples presents an ideal base to stay while exploring the area.

28. Alesund,Norway
Located on Norway’s west coast, Ålesund is the gateway to the iconic northwestern fjords and surrounding alpine mountains. The city of Alesund owes its present-day picturesque appearance to a city-wide reconstruction after a fire in 1904 destroyed most of the town. The city was rebuilt with stone and brick in the architectural style of the time, and stands today as a perfect example of Jugendstil design, Northern Europe’s version of Art Nouveau. Visitors can learn more about the style at the Jugendstilsenteret, or Art Nouveau Center. A hike up the 400 steps to the viewpoint Fjellstua is worthwhile as well. The mountain peak offers stunning views of Alesund and the surrounding islands.

29.
